{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Apple-Chancery;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red50\green50\blue49;\red231\green230\blue226;\red67\green67\blue67;
\red219\green218\blue214;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green61\blue76;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c25490\c25490\c25098;\cssrgb\c92549\c92157\c90980;\cssrgb\c33333\c33333\c33333;
\cssrgb\c88627\c88235\c87059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c25882\c30588\c37255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The "Night Shift" Agentic Workflow\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa560\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs56 \cf2 by Jamon Holmgren on March 14, 2026 (last updated March 16, 2026)
\f2\i0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa560\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Since December, 2025, I've been integrating AI agents into my coding workflow.\cb1 \
\cb3 Previous attempts at agentic workflows have left me exhausted, overwhelmed, and feeling out of touch with the systems I was building. They also degraded quality too much.\cb1 \
\cb3 My current agentic workflow is about 5x faster, better quality, I understand the system better, and\'a0
\f3\b I'm having fun again.
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa655\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs65\fsmilli32760 \cf2 \cb3 I call this the Night Shift workflow.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa560\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 The key ideas that led me to Night Shift:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 My time, energy, and "human token usage" are highly constrained and expensive resources.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Agents and agent tokens are cheap and plentiful and practically unconstrained.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I want to remain in control, with the minimum (but no less than the minimum) of my own effort and time.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I do not like babysitting agents.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I do not want to read agent plans.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I do not want to sit and prompt and reprompt agents.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I want them to get better over time.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I want to focus on one thing at a time.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	9	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I want to be in control.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	10	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I don't want to feel anxious when an agent is sitting idle waiting for me.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa560\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 I decided that I will take the day shift, and AI agents will take the night shift. I will prepare everything for them as much as I can during the day shift. Then, during the night, they will work autonomously while I am resting, and be done by the next morning.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa655\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs65\fsmilli32760 \cf2 \cb3 The Day Shift\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa560\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 During the day shift, it's my time. The agents are sitting idle. I am not babysitting them.\cb1 \
\cb3 I interface with humans, gathering requirements, thinking through the system architecture, and writing up a specification document with as much detail as I can write.\cb1 \
\cb3 I spend a lot of time on this. I snooze AI autocomplete. I do as much work myself as I think necessary to spec out the work for the agent tonight. The system design and possible problems and solutions get embedded in my brain.\cb1 \
\cb3 Specs describe the feature, all the edge cases to cover, everything I can think of. They're well organized \'97 not for the agent, but for ME. To organize my own thinking.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs50\fsmilli25200 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Spec writing is hard at first and gets easier. Don't give up because it's hard. Your brain will get better and better at it.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa560\partightenfactor0

\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 When I finish, I do not run the agent to implement the spec yet yet. I take a break.\cb1 \
\cb3 Then, if I have time, I take another feature. I write out the spec. I take my time. I work at a sustainable pace.\cb1 \
\cb3 I take breaks. Everything is sitting idle and silent.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa503\partightenfactor0

\fs50\fsmilli25200 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 I do use AI during the day shift, but only in two narrow ways:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\b \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Info lookup:
\f2\b0 \'a0Short "Ask" mode queries to find information for me. It's a helper bringing info to my desk, and it had better be concise. I am not here to read pages of generated text! Give me the sharpest most concise answer. Let me do the design.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\b \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Plan review:
\f2\b0 \'a0Once I've written my spec, I have the agent review\'a0
\f1\i my
\f2\i0 \'a0plan and give me a concise checklist of edge cases or gaps I may have missed. It often catches things I didn't think of \'97 this is a great use of AI. But it had better be brief: a checklist, not an essay. I then manually fold those items into my spec and consider each one on my own terms.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa560\partightenfactor0

\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Finally, it's time to wrap up for the day. If I'm not done with a spec, that's okay. Leave it for tomorrow.\cb1 \
\cb3 All the completed spec docs live in a folder,\'a0
\f4 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 ./Specs
\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 . If they are named\'a0
\f4 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 draft-*
\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 , the agent will ignore them.\cb1 \
\cb3 I load up Claude Code, Cursor, or Codex \'97 whichever I've decided will work that evening.\cb1 \
\cb3 I tell it to load\'a0
\f4 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 @AGENT_LOOP.md
\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 . This is a markdown file that explains the process of how to work at night. More on this later.\cb1 \
\cb3 Critically,\'a0
\f4 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 @AGENTS.md
\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0is a small (~150 line) "router", which tells the agent where to find documentation. This includes workflow docs, skill docs (I don't use agent skills directly; these are roughly equivalent), and system documentation (describing different parts of the system). Specs don't have to solve everything for the agent. The more you push into docs instead, and have a good agent router to hint to the agent to load those docs, the smaller your specs can be.\cb1 \
\cb3 I kick it off, and I lock my computer for the evening. I'm done. The Night Shift is on it.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa655\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs65\fsmilli32760 \cf2 \cb3 The Night Shift Gets to Work\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa560\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 While I'm away, the agent does the following:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	0	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Prep: Cleans the working tree by analyzing any uncommitted work and doing the right thing with it (stash or commit). Also runs the entire current test suite and fixes any failures it encounters.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Picks a task from bugs first, or if bugs are complete, a feature that I've completed a spec for\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Loads up the spec, and then analyzes it\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Loads relevant docs, then looks at relevant code\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Develops a testing plan (absolutely critical)\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Writes extensive tests for this, then runs them, expecting failures\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Develops an extensive plan of its own (I NEVER read this, I do not care)\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Runs sub-agents as critical reviewers (review agents) based on 6 personas I've detailed in\'a0
\f4 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 REVIEW_PERSONAS.md
\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : Designer, Architect, Domain Expert, Code Expert, Performance Expert, Human Advocate. Each of these "owns" a portion of the docs, and reviews against their own documentation, including suggesting where their own docs need to be adapted.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Adapts plan based on review agent reviews, and loops to 7 until green light from all review agents\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	9	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Implements the plan, including documentation adjustments (docs live in the same code base under Docs)\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	10	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Runs type checking, linting, compiler, other static analysis tools such as bundle size reporter, as many things as possible, and of course the relevant tests themselves, and verifies that it works, iterating as it goes. Be as strict as possible with your type checking and linting system. I used to be anti strictness, but that was when I was a\'a0\ul wetware dev\ulnone . For agents, I want the most strictness possible.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	11	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Run the entire test suite to protect against regressions, fix any new issues\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	12	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Runs the review agents again on the implementation diff, and loops back to step 10 until getting a green light from all review agents.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	13	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Add any encountered unrelated TODOs for human review that they've noticed along the way to the TODO doc\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	14	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Wrap-up: write a CHANGELOG entry, commit with a detailed commit message meant for human context when reviewing the code. (More on commits later)\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	15	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Loop back to the beginning (step 1), and select the next task or spec.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	16	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When completely done, write up a report for human review. Extremely concise. Details live in commit messages.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	17	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Night Shift is done. It goes silent and waits for me to wake up.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs50\fsmilli25200 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Automated testing is incredibly important. This WILL NOT WORK if you don't have a super robust end-to-end testing harness in place and excellent docs so the agents can create their own tests.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa655\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs65\fsmilli32760 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The Day Shift Clocks In\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Review:
\f2\b0 \'a0Check the changelog and agent recap. Then go commit by commit, reviewing each commit message, implementation diff, tests, and docs changes.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f3\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stacked commits:
\f2\b0 \'a0I keep all commits in the same branch so they stack on each other (a good use for stacked PRs, btw). Improvements carry forward to each subsequent commit. Fewer conflicts, better results, less duplicative work.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f3\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Quick fixes:
\f2\b0 \'a0If I need to correct something quickly, I do it using an interactive agent session or by hand. But before I do, I ALWAYS analyze and correct the docs, workflow, and validations/testing first.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f3\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Postmortem:
\f2\b0 \'a0If the agent misbehaved, don't just fix the code. Don't tell it to fix the code either. Use that valuable context to figure out\'a0
\f1\i why
\f2\i0 \'a0it did the wrong thing. Have it analyze its own context and tell you what docs, skills, or workflow led it astray, and what improvements would make it make the right decision next time. Have it fix those issues first \'97 be diligent, because you can amortize the improvement over the rest of your project. Only after that, have it fix the original issue. Use that feedback cycle and continuous improvement to get to a point where it is making the right decisions more often than not.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f3\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Manual testing:
\f2\b0 \'a0I check almost every change manually and thoroughly. Not just to catch bugs, but to catch gaps in my docs, skills, specs, validations/tests, and my own understanding of the system. And fix them!\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f3\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Spec writing:
\f2\b0 \'a0Then I get back to the first part \'97 gathering requirements, writing specs, doing architecture, and thinking a lot.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa560\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The Night Shift needs my best work. So I do my best work without context shifting and babysitting agents.\cb1 \
\cb3 That's my Night Shift agentic workflow.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa655\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs65\fsmilli32760 \cf2 \cb3 The Feedback Loop\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa560\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 An important characteristic of this is that I am NOT there to babysit it.\cb1 \
\cb3 I can't paper over docs or workflow imperfections by steering it by hand. I must improve every day, so the next morning isn't spent cleaning up a mess. Constant improvement via a feedback loop is the key.\cb1 \
\cb3 You should be willing to burn all the tokens trying to make sure everything is as perfect as the agent can make it before a human ever has to review anything. A human should not be having to catch basic obvious issues. If so, your automated validations suck and you need to fix them. This includes having robust agent review steps.\cb1 \
\cb3 My time and energy are precious. I will not accept anything less than the agent's best.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa655\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs65\fsmilli32760 \cf2 \cb3 The Results So Far\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa560\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 I started using early versions of this workflow about a month ago, and it has gotten better and better every day. Every time I come in to look at the code, the results are better than before.\cb1 \
\cb3 I'm spending far less time babysitting, much more time thinking about the problems I need to solve, and my productivity soars.\cb1 \
\cb3 Very little context shifting, more peaceful and relaxed workflow, and when the agent runs that night, it runs unimpeded by me.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa503\partightenfactor0

\fs50\fsmilli25200 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 One experiment I ran was to have Codex watch what Claude was doing and write feedback into a file. Claude knew it was doing this, would tail the file, and pull in the feedback for consideration. It actually worked pretty well and I may do this more often in the future.\cb1 \
\cb5 Prompt:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 "I have another agent doing the AGENT_LOOP.md right now, working through TODOS.md. What I'd like you to do is do your own loop as an expert reviewer.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf6 \cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 Sleep for 5 minutes at a time.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 Then, wake up look at the current git log to see if any new commits have landed\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 Systematically review them against the corresponding TODOS.md entry.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 Provide your feedback about each commit in a file named TODOS_CODEX_REVIEW.md located in the same folder as TODOS.md.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 I will tell the other agent to take a look at your notes for it in that folder, and it will then incorporate your feedback in a separate, second loop.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 If you do not find any new commits (even if there are working tree changes), please don't do anything and just sleep again.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 You'll know you should be done when all the current TODOs are marked complete or moved into the 'NEEDS INPUT FROM USER' section. In that case, you can stop.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 If you do not see any changes within 30 minutes, go ahead and stop, as the other agent may have quit prematurely."\cb1 \
}